---
layout: post
title: "编译ode"
description: ""
category: 4tom
tags: [ode]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

**ode** 

## vs2008 ##

装目录下有个目录的名称叫"Setup" 
下面有个文件叫"setup.sdb" 
用记事本打开这个文件，找到[Product Key]这个小节。把它下面的25位的序列号改成PYHYPWXB3BB2CCMV9DX9VDY8T，然后开始安装就可以了。以后都不用再管了。一直就这么装。
[下载吧vs2008](http://www.xiazaiba.com/html/4615.html)

## ode install ##

[Manual:_Install_and_Use](http://ode-wiki.org/wiki/index.php?title=Manual:_Install_and_Use)

Building with Premake
---------------------
Premake is a build configuration tool which generates customized project files for Visual Studio, Code::Blocks, CodeLite, and GNU Make (XCode support is coming). The ODE source code includes a Windows version of the Premake executable at build/premake4.exe; users of other platforms can download a source or binary package.
To generate the project files you will need to run Premake in the ode/build directory and specify your toolset of choice (Premake is a command-line program and must be run from a console or terminal). For instance, this will generate files for Visual Studio 2008:

    $ cd ode/build
    $ premake4 vs2008

The generated project files (.sln, .vcproj) will be placed in an appropriately named subdirectory, in this case ode/build/vs2008.
For a complete list of supported toolsets and options, type:

    $ premake4 --help

Several configuration options are available, the most notable include:

* --with-demos

includes the demo applications and Drawstuff library.

* --with-tests

includes the automated test suite, recommended if you intend to modify ODE.

* --no-trimesh

excludes support for triangle mesh collision geometries, reducing the size of the library.

* --with-gimpact

uses the GIMPACT library to check for triangle mesh collisions instead of OPCODE.

* --with-libccd

uses libccd to handle pairs of geoms that don't have yet specialized tests.
Specify options before the toolset when running Premake, like so:

    $ premake4 --with-demos --with-tests vs2008

The generated project files provide several different possible build configurations, including use of single or double precision numbers, and static or shared libraries. If you used Premake to generate GNU makefiles, see the comments at the start of Makefile for instructions on selecting a configuration when building. IDE users can set the build configuration as they normally would.
Premake has recently added experimental support for cross-compiling "platforms", enabling it to target the Xbox 360, Playstation 3, and (not really cross-compiling, but still) Mac OS X universal binaries.
You can see a complete list of available platforms in Premake's help.
Rather than cluttering up the default project files with a ton of platform combinations that most people won't use, I'd suggest that people who want to target these platforms generate their own project files, using the --platform argument to add support for their preferred targets.

    $ premake4 --platform=ps3 vs2008

[ode Manual](http://ode-wiki.org/wiki/index.php?title=Manual)
